## Contests
- ? Cube 
  - Friday and Saturday 10:00-18:00, Sunday: 10:00-12:00
- Sn4ck3y
  - Friday and Saturday 10:00-18:00, Sunday: 10:00-12:00
  - AND!XOR creates electronic badges filled with hacker challenges. We love doing this, especially coming up with unique ways for hackers to earn them. Introducing the newest member of our hacker-fam: 5N4CK3Y (Snackey). 5N4CK3Y is a vending machine hardware hacking project from AND!XOR. We retrofitted it into an IoT CTF based badge dispensing machine, bling and all. Find a flag on our web hosted CTF platform, you get a 5N4CK3Y dispense code, punch it in, and a badge is vended to you! There are a variety of challenges to earn a badge as well others to continue working on the badge itself once obtained. These span from hardware hacking, reverse engineering, OSINT, network security, and cryptography to name a few. There's a little bit of everything, so it's a perfect way to learn something at one of the many DEF CON villages and talking with people you meet, then attempt one of the CTF challenges to dispense a badge. Hardware hacking is our passion and we want people to learn on badges, but more importantly that there's a lot to learn at DEF CON so our CTF will hopefully serve a desire to learn something new and meet new friends while trying to earn a badge and hack it further.
- Adversary Wars CTF
  - Friday and Saturday: 10:00-17:00, Sunday: 10:00-12:00
  - Adversary Village will be hosting "Adversary Wars CTF", which is built around adversary attack simulation, offensive cyber security and purple team tactics. Adversary War CTF centers around mimicking enterprise infrastructure and corresponding challenges. These challenges are meant to push the participants towards adopting various TTPs that adversaries and threat actors use within a definitive time frame. Adversary Wars would have real world simulation CTF scenarios and challenges, where the adversaries can simulate attacks and learn new attack vectors, cyber threat intelligence, threat actor profiles, TTPs, techniques, etc. There would be combined exercises which include different levels of adversary emulation. As part of the Adversary Wars Capture-the-Flag competition a fictional city would be hosted virtually as a target for the participants. Like all cities, the Adversary city too would comprise of various infrastructure components including a hospital, bank, police station, fire station, army camp, city apartments, IT companies, university, government buildings, power plant, etc. Each building will have a complex and realistic network infrastructure that includes a wide variety of components, including Windows/Linux systems, applications, industrial systems, Active directory, cloud environments, hybrid environments, and numerous other technology systems. A complex network of interconnected organizations, assumed to have been working properly, monitored by security operations center and cyber defense systems, supposed to be hackproof, until it wasn’t. One fine day, the adversary city was breached by a threat actor. A wide variety of attacks were carried out by the threat actor, in the end they decided to shut the city for good and infected the remaining systems with ransomware. CTF participants will need to rely on cyber threat intelligence to gather more information on the threat actor, understand and collect various attack tactics, tools, and exploits used by the adversary group. The participants will have to devise possible attack paths used by the adversary group, then simulate these activities against the target city's various components to recreate and understand how deeply the threat actor group breached the city's infrastructure and computer systems. To visualize the CTF environment, the contest area will feature a miniature model of the city made using interlocking-plastic-bricks. The breached components OR organization buildings will be physically marked in the city model as the CTF progresses. This will also assist visitors and observers in understanding the contest's progress and gaining insight into what is happening behind targeted cyber-attacks, cyberwar, etc.
- Blue Team Village ctf
  - Friday: CTF begins: 10:30-18:00, Saturday: 10:30-18:00 (CTF ends)
  -  The Blue Team Village (BTV) CTF is a cyber defense Capture the Flag inspired by a mix of trending nation-state actor kill chains and at least one custom insider threat story. You are an incident responder tasked to investigate several incidents involving different operating systems and OT devices. You will have access to SIEM and Packet captures; however, just like in real life, these tools have issues you must overcome to uncover what happened. Expect indexes to telemetry issues, raw data not extracted properly, and missing fields. Regex may be helpful. In addition, Arkime, the network monitoring tool, will only work partially and correctly. You must find ways to make the best of the telemetry provided, and remember that you can always extract the resulting pcaps! The CTF challenges contestants to leverage diverse cyber defense skills, including Incident Response, Forensics, and Threat Hunting. Both host and network telemetry are required to solve all the flags. BTV’s Project Obsidian crew developed the CTF to allow anyone, regardless of skill or knowledge, to participate and sharpen their cyber defense skills. We recommend creating or joining a team if you are new to cyber defense. We highly recommend participating in the BTV’s Project Obsidian workshop sessions if you are new to cyber defense. Sessions cover many of the topics on the CTF and will help you along the way.
- Capture the packet 
  - Friday and Saturday 10:00-18:00, Sunday: 10:00-12:00
  - This event was born out of the fires of DEF CON. Through years of analyzing network traffic for the Wall of Sheep and teaching others how to do the same, we built this system as a way to help the growing numbers in our community learn (fast). Then it quickly turned into the first defensive based CTF at DEF CON and is one of the longer running competitions at con with a twist... Each year we practically re-invent ourselves, bringing the latest tools & techniques along with never seen before content across 17 categories to unleash hell on the mostly-unsuspecting attendees. For ’24 we have added tons of new content, and new types of challenges never seen before. (muehahaha)
- Cloud Village CTF
  - Friday: 10:00-00:00, Saturday: 00:00-00:00
  - If you ever wanted to break stuff on the cloud, or if you like rabbit holes that take you places you did not think you would go to, follow complicated story lines to only find you could have reached to the flag without scratching your head so much - then this CTF is for you! Our CTF is a two days jeopardy style contest where we have a bunch of challenges hosted across multiple Cloud providers across multiple categories of difficulty. You can register as teams or go solo, use hints or stay away from them, in the end it will be all for glory or nothing. Plus the prizes. Did we not mention the prizes? :D
- cmd+ctrl
  - Friday and Saturday 10:00-18:00, Sunday: 10:00-12:00
  - CMD+CTRL Web App Hacking Challenge gives you the opportunity to showcase your red team skills by attacking real web applications. The CMD+CTRL platform is a hacking game designed to teach the fundamentals of web application security. Explore vulnerable web applications, discover security flaws, and exploit those flaws to earn points and climb up the scoreboard. After attacking an application for yourself, you'll have a better understanding of the vulnerabilities that put real world systems at risk.
- crackmeifyoucan
  - Friday: & Saturday: 00:00-23:59 Sunday: 00:00-10:00
  - password cracking
- Darknet-NG
  - Darknet-NG is an Alternate Reality Game (ARG), where the players take on the Persona of an Agent who is sent on Quests to learn real skills and gain in-game points. If this is your first time at DEF CON, this is a great place to start, because we assume no prior knowledge. Building from basic concepts, we teach agents about a range of topics from Lock-picking, to using and decoding ciphers, to Electronics 101, just to name a few, all while also helping to connect them to the larger DEF CON Community. The "Learning Quests" help the agent gather knowledge from all across the other villages at the conference, while the "Challenge Quests" help hone their skills! Sunday Morning there is a BOSS FIGHT where the Agents must use their combined skills as a community and take on that year's final challenge! There is a whole skill tree of personal knowledge to obtain, community to connect with and memories to make! To get started, check out our site https://darknet-ng.network and join our growing Discord Community!
- Gold bug challenge
  - Friday and Saturday 10:00-18:00, Sunday: 10:00-12:00
  - Love puzzles? Need a place to exercise your classical and modern cryptography skills? This puzzle can keep you intrigued and busy throughout DEF CON - and questioning how deep the layers of cryptography go. The Gold Bug is an annual puzzle hunt at DEF CON, focused on cryptography. You can learn about Caesar ciphers, brush up your understanding of how Enigma machines or key exchanges work, and try to crack harder modern crypto. The Gold Bug is accessible to all, with some simpler puzzles for warmup or beginners (even kids!), and some that will require you to dig a little deeper. Whether you want to hack on puzzles solo or with a team, join us at https://goldbug.cryptovillage.org to get started!
- Hardware Hacking Village
  - Friday: & Saturday: 10:00-18:00
  - Grab some solder and update your JTAGulator! The Hardware Hacking Village (HHV) is back with another DEF CON hardware hacking-focused Capture the Flag (CTF) competition. This is a jeopardy style CTF, designed to challenge participants in various aspects of hardware hacking. Whether you're new to hardware hacking or experienced and just looking for something to do while you wait for your fault injection to trigger, all are welcome and challenges range from beginner to advanced. 
- Lonely tag and lonely hard drive
- Radio Frequency CTF
  - Friday and Saturday 10:00-18:00, Sunday: 10:00-13:00
  - In this game capture the flag you will be presented with real configurations of real wireless and radio technologies to attack. Practice your skill and learn new ones from Radio Frequency IDentification (RFID) through Software Defined Radio (SDR) and up to Bluetooth and WiFi. There may even be Infrared, if you have the eye for it. RF Hackers Sanctuary is once again holding the Radio Frequency Capture the Flag (RFCTF) at DEF CON 32. RFHS runs this game to teach security concepts and to give people a safe and legal way to practice attacks against new and old wireless technologies. We cater to both those who are new to radio communications as well as to those who have been playing for a long time. We are looking for inexperienced players on up to the SIGINT secret squirrels to play our games. The RFCTF can be played with a little knowledge, a pen tester’s determination, and $0 to $$$$$ worth of special equipment. Our virtual RFCTF can be played completely remotely without needing any specialized equipment at all, just using your web browser! The key is to read the clues, determine the goal of each challenge, and have fun learning. This game doesn’t let you sit still either, as there are numerous fox hunts, testing your skill in tracking various signals. If running around the conference looking for WiFi, Bluetooth, or even a Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) device sounds like fun, we are your source of a higher step count. There will be clues everywhere, and we will provide periodic updates via discord and twitter. Make sure you pay attention to what’s happening at the RFCTF desk, #rfctf on our discord, on Twitter @rf_ctf, @rfhackers, and the interwebz, etc. If you have a question - ASK! We may or may not answer, at our discretion.
- Live Recon Contest
  - Do you fancy doing live recon on Real Organizations? Then activate Yourself. And compete in a unique HACKER challenge. This year we are launching a new nail biting Contest, i.e Live Recon where participants will compete with each other to perform a deep osint and recon on the target organization. Here are the details: About the contest: Join us for an electrifying two-day Live Reconnaissance Event. Whether you're a seasoned security expert, a curious newcomer or a bugbounty pro, this is your chance to test your skills in a high-octane environment.Your Mission Get ready to perform live reconnaissance on a curated list of companies. Dig deep and unearth critical information that could be game-changing. Use your analytical prowess and sharp instincts to explore, probe, and uncover hidden data. Why Join the Hunt? Experience Real-World Challenges: Face off against real-world scenarios. Compete and Collaborate: Work with the best minds in the field. Learn from the Masters: Recon on a massive scale. Score Epic Prizes: Walk away with cool rewards. Who's Invited? If you’ve got a passion for cybersecurity and Recon, this event is for you. Whether you’re a university student, a pro pentester, or a hobbyist eager to sharpen your skills, we want you! Teams are encouraged to register and bring a mix of talents to tackle these challenges head-on.
- Social Engineering Community Vishing Competition
  - Friday 08:30-18:00 | Location: 317-319
  - In this competition (#SECVC), teams go toe to toe by placing live vishing (voice phishing) phone calls in front of the Social Engineering Community audience at DEF CON. These calls showcase the duality of ease and complexity of the craft against the various levels of preparedness and defenses by actual companies. Teams can consist of 1-3 individuals, which we hope allows for teams to utilize novel techniques to implement different Social Engineering tactics. Each team has limited time to place as many calls as possible from a soundproof booth. During that time, their goal is to elicit from the receiver as many objectives as possible. Whether you’re an attacker, defender, business executive, or brand new to this community, you can learn by witnessing firsthand how easy it is for some competitors to schmooze their way to their goals and how well prepared some companies are to shut down those competitors! This competition takes place only on Friday in the Social Engineering Community village, be sure to get there early to get a seat; they fill up fast! Additionally, at the end of Friday, join Snow and JC as they cover the behind the scenes of creating the SECVC, this year's lessons learned, team highlights, and tips for future competitors!
  - I can only watch
- spyVspy
  - Friday and Saturday 10:00-18:00
  - Embark on a thrilling espionage adventure with spyVspy! This contest imagines a world of spy games where contestants employ basic hacking, cryptography, and rogue skills to solve puzzles and uncover hidden caches strategically scattered throughout DEF CON (and beyond).Contestants will engage in a real-world treasure hunt, where the locations of hidden caches are revealed by solving the types of puzzles you'd expect to see at DEF CON. Traditional ciphers, lockpicking, OSINT, and very basic hacking/pentesting skills may be required. spyVspy is intended for players of all skill levels. Whether you're a seasoned double-agent or just learning to be a covert operative, you will be able to compete and have fun in this event. Whatever skills you think you're missing can probably be learned on-the-job anyway. More Info: https://www.fottr.io"
- Qolossus
  - Friday and Saturday: 10:00-18:00, Sunday 10:00-13:00 | Location: Quantum Village
  - There’s a new emerging tech in town, and it’s name is Quantum! Following the past two years of Quantum CTF events held at the Quantum Village, we are pleased, proud, and excited to announce that our Q-CTF is indeed returning as Codename; QOLOSSUS! Pit your wits against the Atom, and come and see what devilish challenges from our Quantum Quizmasters await. Come and show your quantum prowess, and mastery of superposition and entanglement - design algorithms to break cryptography, hack our simulated quantum communications, and score points in our IRL activities. |Good Luck!〉


